c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibrary.exe.config
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibrary.exe
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibrary.pdb
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.CssSelectors.dll
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.CssSelectors.pdb
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\Debug\BookLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\Debug\BookLibrary.exe
c:\users\compass293\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\Debug\BookLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.xml
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\Spire.License.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\Spire.Pdf.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\Spire.License.xml
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\Spire.Pdf.xml
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\itextsharp.pdfa.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xmlworker.dll
C:\Users\compass293\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
